
'Contrib' folder
----------------

This folder contains 'contributions': extra snippets of code that are
potentially very useful for the game coder but which are considered
too game-specific to be a part of the main Evennia game server.  These
modules are not used unless you explicitly import them. See each file
for more detailed instructions on how to install. 

Modules in this folder is distributed under the same licence as 
Evennia unless noted differently in the individual module. 

If you want to edit, tweak or expand on this code you should copy the
things you want from here into game/gamesrc and change them there.

* Evennia MenuSystem (Griatch 2011) - A base set of classes and
      cmdsets for creating in-game multiple-choice menus in
      Evennia. The menu tree can be of any depth.  Menu options can be
      numbered or given custom keys, and each option can execute
      code. Also contains a yes/no question generator function. This
      is intended to be used by commands and presents a y/n question
      to the user for accepting an action. Includes a simple new
      command 'menu' for testing and debugging.

* Evennia Line editor (Griatch 2011) - A powerful line-by-line editor
      for editing text in-game. Mimics the command names of the famous
      VI text editor. Supports undo/redo, search/replace,
      regex-searches, buffer formatting, indenting etc. It comes with
      its own help system. (Makes minute use of the MenuSystem module
      to show a y/n question if quitting without having
      saved). Includes a basic command '@edit' for activating the
      editor.

* Talking_NPC (Griatch 2011) - An example of a simple NPC object with
      which you can strike up a menu-driven converstaion. Uses the
      MenuSystem to allow conversation options. The npc object defines
      a command 'talk' for starting the (brief) conversation.

* Evennia Menu Login (Griatch 2011) - A menu-driven login screen that 
      replaces the default command-based one. Uses the MenuSystem 
      contrib. Does not require players to give their email and
      doesn't auto-create a Character object at first login like the 
      default system does.

* CharGen (Griatch 2011) - A simple Character creator and selector for
      Evennia's ooc mode. Works well with the menu login contrib and 
      is intended as a starting point for building a more full-featured 
      character creation system. 

* Evlang (Griatch 2012) - A heavily restricted version of Python for use
      as a "softcode" language by Players in-game. Contains a complete 
      system with examples of objects and commands for coding. 
